The day has come
to fight a tyrant!
Life is not worth anything
without our freedom.
Let's show Arvid
that he can take our lives,
- but he can't take our freedom!
It does not apply to your servants,
for you are subhuman.
And that with freedom and the value of it,
it does not apply to you.
Where was I? Yes.
What we do in this life is echoing
into eternity! Dead over Arvid!
Orm. Orm.
Now it's important to just sit still
in the boat, let the plan unfold.
I'm just so excited.
It is important to be focused.
We are so close that I can smell Rome.
Roma ...
The city that never sleeps.
Hey you. Now they are here every moment.
So you get to lead the attack.
Yes, the commander leads the attack, yes.
Are you thinking of setting a perimeter
and form the front line? What do you think?
The plan?
No, that is, I am a type of leader
attack from a little further back.
Because then I have an overview
and see the big picture, somehow.
I think that's pretty common
that the commander is in the front.
Yes.
But no, not in a peasant army.
In a peasant army, the army commander must
have a slightly more passive role.
You know they can be
looking for you on the thing?
You are fresh in the chief role.
They will test you. Jarl Varg and such.
I've been thinking about it for a while.
Should keep me a little away from Varg.
As I usually say: Keep friends
your near and the enemies a little away.
Frøya! Can't you go behind
with your husband, then?
We discuss the tent distribution.
I said we would lie together.
So you stay here and hide?
Is that the plan?
The plan is that everyone attacks
when I blow this horn.
-That's the plan.
-All but you?
Do you use
just as much energy on the attack -
- as in criticizing army chiefs,
then this is great.
Arvid and co.
is not going to have a chance.
Go now!
Back to your place.
Make, ass.
Come and teach me
how to lead a peasant revolt.
So, I invented peasant revolts.
I have to teach him, me!
-Man down!
-Fylking!
We are sitting ends here!
Let me in!
Dobbelmur!
Medicine Man!
Have!
-Did we somehow get attacked now, right?
- It seemed very much like that.
-Orm.
- Except ...
Pardon ...
Apologies for everything, Arvid.
See you on the other side.
Forgive me.
Orm ...
Don't just stand there. Help him, then!
Hang in there!
Or hold out, or ...
There is not much to be saved.
They didn't exactly shoot with sharpness.
So, just not understanding that one
must have pointed arrows. Talent-boggling.
Orm. Wake up, then.
But I was hit.
A track wound. Right in the heart.
It's just that bad behavior, Orm.
I realized it was something.
I knew nothing.
Felt dead for a moment.
There we have Eigil, you know.
So, Eigil,
congratulations on top peasant rebellion.
I told you. To operate
with war is a profession, that.
I'm the first
to admit that you were right.
That war profession
is not for Hvermansen.
-So it will never happen again.
-No.
It should not.
Ragnar. Eagle.
No no no! Hi ...
Stop, stop, stop.
That's the stupidest thing you do.
Because I am the last survivor
the farmer per mile.
You're going to die of hunger. Whose
to give you food? Educate new people?
-You only have me.
-He has a point.
If you look around,
then I'm the most important person here.
(Rufus hugs.)
What?
We are leaving.
We are gathered here
to hold county councils!
We are coming in peace!
And we go in peace!
Whoever violates the peace of things,
will be declared niding!
Anyone seeking to resolve disputes,
must sign up now!
Here and now things are open!
Frøya?
Can't you
kiss me on the arm a little?
It is not going to happen.
Then I talked to the thing man,
and Arvid has been sued by Varg.
He will demand that map of you.
But you have a pretty solid case.
Just don't get excited.
If we break the peace of mind, we will struggle.
I'm calm as a cutter in the yard.
Will never be able to excite me.
I have that principle
never to let me flip off the stick.
It is important
that you do not appear weak.
Don't run over.
There is room for temperament.
Yes, temperature is important. Healthy.
Just follow your instincts,
then this goes completely painless.
-Be yourself.
-Everyone else is busy.
Right?
Arvid?
Just one small thing.
Yuck!
What are you doing?
I gave you the Judas kiss.
Judaskysset.
That's what Judas Iscariot gave
Jesus of Nazareth as a death sentence.
But it's almost 800 years ago ...
It was goofy. That is not okay.
It is sexual harassment.
Arvid, don't tell him then.
He may suspect.
But he could have believed
it was a regular kiss.
Yes ...
The first dispute is between Jarl
Varg and Chief Arvid of Norheim.
It concerns a promise given to Jarl
Varg of the late Chief Olav.
Varg.
That's right, their highness.
Chief Olav was sent out
to find the way west.
I was promised that it would be drawn
a map to be handed to me.
-What do you have to say about it, Arvid?
-Yes, that's right.
They had a deal.
But then Varg attacked Norheim.
And they ended up raping
then chief Orm.
And no chiefs are raped
and requires maps in return.
It will be completely wrong.
At least I think.
-Is this right?
- Protest, their grace.
Maybe it all started
as a chief rapist, -
- but the roles were turned that way
that the chief became the active party.
Oh well? For the chief used tongue
and fingers and counterclock so fiercely -
- that he actually went from being
the villain to be the infringer.
I wonder ...
Has anyone been raped, it must be
the original rapist.
Because I actually ended up
to rape him with ... anus.
Then the answer to the question of
the chief of Norheim was raped, -
- is a resounding no.
-It sounds plausible.
-Absolutely.
But Jarl Varg, did you attack Norheim?
That's what we need
to know so far.
So far, that's right.
There were some discrepancies -
- and maybe it was committed
some horrible, perverse -
- kill.
Now we have to confer,
then you will receive our judgment.
The matter is upheld by Chief Arvid.
And the right to keep the map.
I would like to get the upper hand
this gift to Arvid -
- as a sign that we are well reconciled
and the case is out of the world.
Chief Arvid.
Wow! Knife.
Check it out, then.
Really elaborate.
Thank you, Varg.
What is quite fun is that it
The knife has a special history.
-You might like to hear it?
-Of course.
-Who's that?
-This is the leader of the nomads.
It was his knife.
Yes, that was my knife.
I stuck it in your chieftain -
- not until
there was more resistance left in the flesh.
Isn't that fun, Arvid? To think about
that you are holding that knife now?
He was tough when he cut off my ear,
but he cried like a colic baby -
- when he met that knife.
No!
Arvid has ruined the peace of things!
He's a bitch!
It is everyone's duty to kill Arvid!
He is wild!
Slaughter that pig!
Hush!
I am Rufus of Rome,
and I'm Norheim's new legislator!
Arvid broke the peace
and is riveting forever.
Then I have to appoint a deputy in the succession order as Norheim's chief.
I give you ...
Orm.
Proud and humble.
Proud and - humble.
I look forward to exciting
and varied work tasks.
Let's make Norheim big again.
To Valhalla!
He is crushed against the stones
or drowning.
Yes, there is none
who survive such a fall.
Are you lying on the ground?
Do you have height anxiety?
No, I'm not terrified, no.
But when you're as tall as me,
then it becomes extra loud to look down.
-It seems like you have a fright.
- It does.
Things are not always the way they seem.
It seems like I am terrified,
and then I have not.
I am actually
pretty happy in heights, i.
This is going to be exciting, then.
I have a lot of plans for Norheim.
-You have plans already?
-Yes.
-When did you make those plans, Orm?
-Now.
Right after Arvid became a rider
and I became chief.
-What's happening here?
- Orm has a lot of plans already.
Yes ha.
Did you know anything about this, Orm?
If I knew beforehand
anything about that tragedy? Impossible.
It just seems a little strange. You have
made plans and ... I stutter a bit.
But I'm a very spontaneous type.
I bubble over with ideas.
It's just so strange that two slaves
suddenly is the chief and legislator.
Now you have to stop. Arvid knew
that he should not break the peace of things.
Then he did it anyway.
Embarrassed us all.
And now you suspect Orm.
It is completely absurd.
Hear yourself
how stupid does that sound?
Rufus.
Orm.
Do you have anything to do with this,
- then they end their tiny pisses
around my neck.
Oh well.
But it's not going to happen, too
we had nothing to do with this.
So ...
This is absurd.
Simply disappointed.
-Shall we climb down and check?
-No, we shouldn't climb down.
Isn't that a classic mistake? Suppose that
Someone's dead, and then he's survived?
Yes, it's a classic mistake.
But now he's probably dead,
so we drop it.
-Same for me.
-Do not have security equipment.
I think Jarl Varg will be disappointed
if we gamble with life.
So the answer to that question,
Webbear, be no.
Okay.
Orm!
Jarl Varg.
-Is that the guy?
- We're leaving now.
But I have to say
I am extremely pleased -
- to work closely in the future.
Really.
-Do you have to work closely in the future?
-Quiet!
It's just something he says to everyone.
It is common for social peaks
working together on the big issues.
Condolences with it
pregnant piglets di.
It is said that he was crushed
against some rocks.
What?
He threw himself down a cliff.
He thought he was going to bounce
again, but this is not how kelp works.
I shed his memory.
Calm. It looks very bad
with two nidings here.
Goodbye.
What is going on?
Where's Arvid?
-Ta-da!
-What does that mean?
A kind of verbal fanfare
to introduce the new chief.
-And that is ...?
-That's me!
Arvid managed to attack someone
thing, so he was grumbling unfortunately.
And then he was killed.
By Varg's men.
So the sky has got another star.
-Is Arvid dead?
-Yes. Kondolasjoner.
To get Loke.
Fy Loke, I'm crushed, me.
I can hardly say anything.
He was the great love of my life.
I am heartbroken.
-Especially.
-You have to move out of the longhouse.
Frøya is the chieftain.
Aren't the rules like that?
I'm in the middle of a grieving process here.
Come.
It was very grown up done, Frøya!
-Wake her up, then.
-Live ...
Life.
Greetings, dear wife!
My children.
What's up?
Where's the peasant army?
Yes, they are in Valhall. Or there
farmers come when they die in strife.
-Are they dead the whole gang?
-Yes.
And it's tragic.
But the positive is that I survived.
And that is where we need to focus.
When Arvid comes and violates me
and burn the farm and such?
It is not going to happen.
We are the only surviving farmers.
They are totally dependent on us.
So we have in many ways
pulled the winning ticket here.
Except that everyone we know,
is dead, but ...
-But it's absolutely fantastic.
-Yes, that's it!
Torstein Dog, faithful weapon bearer.
You didn't realize it with dominoes?
Sorry. It sure isn't
so difficult when you first can?
We place them one after another.
Push one, then the other falls.
There are three pieces.
Haven't we got rid of everyone?
Do you think I like these better?
than my old hands?
I still carry gnats,
a huge amount of gnawing.
-I think it's called gnawing.
-No, gnaw.
As the thought of revenge gnaws at me.
When we travel to Norheim next time,
the third domino will fall.
Think it's called gnawing, yes.
It probably does. Yes.